		Settings that need to be in place!

1.	Under server roles, make sure the only role that is set is File Server, all other roles should be disabled

2.	The only client Features that should be active are the following
  a.	Automatic Update Client
    i.	Required Services: Background Intelligent Transfer Service, Automatic Updates
  b.	DNS Client
    i.	DNS Client
  c.	DNS registration client
    i.	DHCP Client
  d.	Domain member
    i.	Net Logon, Network Location Awareness, Windows Time
  e.	Microsoft Networking client
    i.	Workstation, TCP/IP NetBIOS helper

3.	Required options used to administrate the server
  a.	Application Experience lookup service
    i.	Application experience lookup service
  b.	Application installed from group policy
    i.	Application management, windows installer, dns client
  c.	Backup (NT or 3rd party)
    i.	MS Software snapshot provider, volume snapshot
  d.	Backup to local hardware
    i.	Removable storage
  e.	Error reporting
    i.	Error reporting service
  f.	Help and Support    
    i.	Help and support
  g.	Link tracking for user’s shortcuts
    i.	Distributed link tracking client
  h.	Local application installation
    i.	Windows installer
    i.	Shadow Copying
    i.	MS Software snapshot provider, volume snapshot
  j.	Time synchronization
    i.	Windows time
  k.	Web proxy auto-discovery
    i.	DHCP client, WINHTTP web proxy auto-discovery service
    l.  Windows firewall
    i.	Windows Firewall (WF) / Internet Connection sharing (ICS)
  m.	Windows user mode driver framework
    i.	Windows user mode driver framework

4.	Additional Services
  a.	FileZilla Server FTP server
  b.	Mozilla Maintenance Service
  c.	Upload Manager

5.	Unspecified services
  a.	Do not change the startup mode of the service

6.	Continue to click next until you get to open ports and approve applications
  a.	Only allow ports used by FileZilla server FTP server (filezilla server.exe) and ports used by system rpc applications

7.	Click next until you get to outbound authentication methods and disable all of them

8.	Inbound authentication methods
  a.	Disable “Computers that require LAN manager authentication” and leave the other option

9.	Click next until you get to system audit policy
  a.	Choose audit successful and unsuccessful activities

10.	Keep clicking next until you get to security policy file name
  a.	Here you can name it whatever you want, I named mine BasePolicy.xml

11.	Then click apply now!
